[EDL] Improve Documentation & Add additional HTTP Header (#26109)
demisto/content: Packs/EDL/ReleaseNotes/3_1_24.md

#### Integrations

##### Generic Export Indicators Service

> - Added a new `X-EDL-Start-Size` header for EDL HTTP responses that can be used for debugging.

Reviewer: Please explain what it returns

Author: ```suggestion
- Added a new `X-EDL-Start-Size` header for HTTP responses representing the amount of indicators fetched before formatting. (The amount of indicators post-formatting is represented by the existing `X-EDL-Size` header.)
```
